you watch the news at all you know the
house today
officially handed over the articles of
impeachment Speaker of the House Nancy
Pelosi signed the paperwork this
afternoon and this I thought was
interesting she did it she signed her
name one letter at a time using a
different pen each time she used 22 pens
to sign her name on to dot what is going
on did she get an endorsement deal with
bit because it's hard to argue you're
not enjoying the impeachment when you
turn into a calligraphy class altogether
speaker Pelosi also named her
impeachment managers today they include
Jerry Nadler Adam Schiff and newly
available Red Sox manager Alex Cora and
joined the team they really want to win
the third time in American history that
articles of impeachment have been sent
to the Senate which means that starting
Tuesday Donald Joanna Trump will become
the first former steak salesman to be
tried for abuse of power and obstruction
of of Congress Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell insist the trial will be
fair there will be arguments there will
be evidence and there will be a verdict
just not necessarily in that order
most Republicans Mitch McConnell won't
even commit to questioning witnesses or
admitting new evidence even though yes
just yesterday we got bombshells from
one of Rudy Giuliani's Ukraine men left
Parnas who in addition to telling Rachel
Maddow tonight then the president lied
when he said he didn't know what he was
up to provided documents that clearly
show Rudy Giuliani the president's
lawyer specifically ad trumps Direction
badgering the new president of Ukraine
to announce an investigation into the
Biden's not to start one to announce one
now there's a letter from Rudy saying he
was acting with the president's full
knowledge and consent and on top of that
we were introduced to a new member of
the Trumper verse another shady
character named Robert Hyde he this is a
guy who's running for Congress in
northwestern Connecticut and before I
show you his photo I would like you to
close your eyes and imagine what the
type of guy who would get involved in
this
you craziness might look like okay you
got it all right now open your eyes
that's Robert hi
exactly what you imagined right this
guy's a beauty is a big trump supporter
who last year was that Trump's Golf
Resort in Miami he had to be escorted
off the premises by police because he
believed a hitman was out to get him and
so of course he is now connected to
Trump these are some text messages
Robert Hyde shared with loved partes on
the subject of the now former US
ambassador to Ukraine Marie yovanovich
this is the woman that Trump
inexplicably had removed he wrote F that
he wrote Wow can't believe Trump hasn't
fired this I'll get right on in
that and when confronted with evidence
of what appears to be a criminal attempt
to undermine u.s. foreign policy by
taking down an ambassador he wrote to a
reporter from The Daily Beast how low
can little Adam bull Schiff go to take
some texts my buddies in I wrote while
we had a few drinks to some dweeb I met
a few times bull Schiff is a desperate
turn ah the old drunk buddy turd defense
it works every time he was drunk and
texting his buddies in the Ukraine here
are some other things that the drunk
texted his buddies about the Ambassador
or a woman who it seemed he was having
followed he wrote they are moving her
tomorrow she's talked to three people or
phone is off computer is off she's next
to the embassy not in the embassy
private security been there since
Thursday Parnas rights back interesting
they will let me know when she's on the
move Parnas responds perfect that
address I said checks out it's next to
the embassy they are willing to help if
we you would like a price
guess you can do anything in the Ukraine
with money what I was told
Parnas rights back lol if you want her
out they need to make contact with
security forces
wake up Yankees man which I assume means
Rudy Giuliani who loves the Yankees oh
yeah nothing to investigate there
Senator McConnell that doesn't seem
suspicious at all let's take a look at
one more picture of Robert hight if we
could because I just want you to I
wouldn't want to be behind those guys at
the Mara Lago omelet stage and I'll tell
you
only the best people are our fearless
leader
Tandy soprano had another rally for
himself in Milwaukee last night where he
covered all his favorite subjects sinks
toilets and showers that's right he's
he's back on the plumbing again it may
three here's some oh we went from drain
the swamp to flush the toilet this is
good too
Trump was in rare form last night on the
latest stop for his orange Collar Comedy
Tour anybody in here does not love their
children there is some don't come on
raise your head there is like you know
they're brats
they're little brats in horrible human
beings
that's not
once we are good and while Trump was all
milwauke DUP the Democrats you're going
at it in Des Moines did you watch the
debate last night all eyes last night
we're on Elizabeth Warren and Bernie
Sanders who are at odds after Elizabeth
Warren claimed that back in 2018 Bernie
told her he didn't believe a woman could
win the election
Bernie pushed back hard on that he said
it's a lie he never said it but I'm not
sure that did much to convince the
moderator Abbey Phillips of CNN who I
don't know if she meant it to come out
this way but it seemed pretty clear
which one of them she believes you're
saying that you never told senator
Warren that a woman could not win the
election that is correct senator Warren
what did you think when senators Andrew
Sanders told you a woman could not win
the election
[Music]
[Applause]
that's back on HBO on Sunday right right
so then after the debate you know Bernie
and Elizabeth him Lauren or old friends
they may actually met at Benjamin
Franklin's Bar Mitzvah but that doesn't
seem to be the case anymore watch what
happened between them after the debate
here now he tries to shake her hand she
kind of holds back and they have a
seemingly heated discussion and there's
been a lot of speculation of about what
was being said some said they weren't
argue some said she just didn't want to
shake Bernie tan because it smells like
Brylcreem and gefilte fish but CNN today
release the audio from the conversation
and yes it was an argument let's not do
it right now you want to have that
discussion we'll have that discussion
you call me Lee you told me all right
let's not I don't know I just want to
say hi yeah good
[Applause]
Tom Steyer is like give me back on my
jet quick it's upsetting to see though
because those two have too much in
common to end a relationship over
something like this and in fact this
photo they posted this morning leads me
to believe that everything's gonna be
all right
and their grandson he footage it's
always hardest on the kids you know
Bernie by the way said he was sick and
tired a bunch of times last night and at
first I thought it might just be a
crutch but it turns out might be his new
campaign slogan Bernie Sanders is sick
and tired of politics as usual
like corporate greed I am sick and tired
of trade agreements negotiated by the
CEOs the 1% the health care system sick
and tired of arguing with insurance
companies the Department of Motor
Vehicles sick in pipe a filling out
false irritable bowel syndrome talking
to doctors tuna salad with too much
mayonnaise I am sick and tired
voicemails that cut off before you're
finished talking we are sick and tired
in young punks who wear their jeans
below their tushies
I am getting very very tight this
November vote Bernie Sanders he's sick
and tired I'm Bernie Sanders and I'm
exhausted and ill
okay back on the Trump side the
president's former spokesperson Sarah
Appleby Sanders made a big announcement
this morning she released the cover and
title of her forthcoming book which is
called speaking for myself and if he
studied the photo you can see how how
natural she poses it's really in it I
haven't read the book but based on just
the cover I've learned something about
her already Sarah seems to be missing a
thumb
it's why she never hitchhikes but you
know speaking for myself wasn't the
original title for the book originally
it was going to be called lying for a
lunatic and I guess it didn't test as
well among the base
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
drew it all of my MA goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you